Added Community-to-RST #223 (#237)
mautic/mautic-community-handbook: docs/teams/community_team/community_dashboard.rst

Community dashboard
###################

> The Community Dashboard uses the open-source :xref:`Savannah CRM` tool to import, analyze and visualize data from multiple sources in one central location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Community Dashboard uses the open source :xref:`Savannah CRM` tool to import, analyze, and visualize data from multiple sources in one central location.
```

You can view the data from the last 90 days on the :xref:`Savannah Dashboard`.

> Currently the dashboad imports:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently the dashboard imports:
```

> -  All repositories listed under github.com/mautic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  All repositories listed under ``github.com/mautic``
```

> -  Specified channels from mautic.slack.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Specified channels from ``mautic.slack.com``
```

> -  All threads on forums.mautic.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  All threads on ``forum.mautic.org``
```

> -  All threads on reddit.com/r/mautic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  All threads on ``reddit.com/r/mautic``
```

-  All Stack Overflow posts tagged with Mautic

> -  Specified meetup.com groups (coming soon)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This is no longer relevant (we don't use meetup.com any more) so I would remove this line al together.

> The information is used to determine the activity levels of individuals and organizaitons within the community, which informs the monthly updates in Slack and the ranking of organizations in the :xref:`Partners' Directory`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mautic uses this information to determine the activity levels of individuals and organizations within the community, which informs the monthly updates in Slack and the ranking of organizations in the :xref:`Partners' Directory`.
```
